PEJALRADIO @PLAYSTORE
Edited By S
Asaduzzaman
Ladies and gentlemen,
We would like to welcome you on board.
We are going to take off shortly.
Please turn off all electronic devices.
Fasten your seat belt.
Put your seat back upright
return the table to the starting position.
Captain, we are ready to take off.
Hi. Hi There. Hi There. Good morning.
Hello.
Everything, please
oxygen masks and breathing as usual.
What the fu..
Don't worry.
Everything is going to be fine.
Just kidding, we are going to die!
- The plane is going down!
- Oh My God!
Oh My! Gosh!
I don't want to die.
Everybody, get ready for impact.
[MUSIC]
Bye.
- See you tomorrow.
- I'll see you later.
- Pleng!
- Hey!
- Hi.
- Hi, Kaya.
I passed the interview in my company.
- I'm going to work at the mall!
- Wow, glad to hear it. Congratulations.
It was because of you.
Thank you. Thank you, pleng.
Okay, okay, enough.
Actually, I need your help.
I want to break up with my boyfriend.
Okay, and then?
He can't speak English,
and I could not speak Thai.
You can not talk to each other, and how you can
together?
You know, the S-E-X. It was all about sex.
Because sex is my life.
Wow...
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes. Oh, yes. Ah... Ah...
- Okay, okay. Enough. I got it.
- Thank you, pleng.
- For what?
- Because agrees to help break up with him.
Oh, no. I'm not saying I would.
But...
I bought,
Louis Vuitton bag for you.
Oh, yea. Breaking up with a guy
is so easy. Don't worry.
Thank you.
What...
There is here.
This is my favorite color.
- Oh, original mocha coffee please.
- Flat Out.
Oh, are you OK?
Hey.
You do not have eyes?
Keep your movements. The world is very narrow.
Are you Jim? Kaya's girlfriend?
I have something to tell you Jim.
We start.
You don't mind?
- Hi, Jim.
- Sorry I did not tell you about...
- I'm sorry I did not tell you about...
very long interview.
- I love you. But we should be friends
- I love our days.
Cultural.
Your attitude.
Your religion.
I'm only a couple of seasons here.
It will be a good memory.
Very good memories.
I do not understand.
Can you repeat it again?
Uh, no problem.
I can repeat it for you.
We start.
- Jim, sorry I did not tell you...
- Needless to say?
- This is nonsense.
- Do not be angry, Kaya's request.
Are you sure? What was
really her voice?
Yes.
You're a liar.
Do not play games with me.
What are you looking??
- Do not look there.
- The man was crazy.
Is that a bomb?
Hey...
It was not a bomb. Watch your mouth.
- Hey, what's that?
- It's chicken soup.
Chicken soup?
- This chicken meat.
- Fuck.
- He's crazy or what?
- You know that guy?
Oh, I do not know him.
- Shit.
- So you know him?
I do not know him.
- He's crazy or what?
- So you broke up with him.
None of your business.
Oh, God. Help me.
No...
Hey, what do you want?
Do not approaching.
I'm going to hit you.
I still have one more.
Who are you?
Why are you meddling in my affairs with Kaya?
I'll teach you.
You bastard. No wonder
Kaya wanted to break up with you.
Hey!
You tell her, I do not want to break up with her.
I just did what she asked me.
I do not care.
I want you to teach me English.
Do you want money?
Look, I'll pay you if you teach me English.
- Teach me?
- Yes, I will teach you.
- Are you sure?
- Yes I Do.
It lesku costs.
Listen, I want you to make me
can speak English.
If not...
You probably do not want to hear it.
The payout is very low.
You do not sleep?
Go to sleep.
I really ruined today. Lost gambling,
do not have money, and they insulted me.
Hey, they even tattooed me.
See it.
There's more.
It's a hard life.
What do you see?
Sora Aoi.
Hey, come fight me.
We will compete for your girlfriend.
- You're drunk. Go to sleep.
- I'm not drunk.
Kaya, Kaya, Kaya, Kaya,
Kaya, Kaya, Kaya...
Kaya, is very sick.
It is very sick.
I need a girlfriend.
Okay, let's get started.
Now you're taking a conversation lesson.
So, you will have to speak English as much as possible.
I need full attention and participation.
If you have any questions, justask
Don't be shy. Do you understand?
Do you understand?
Why are you standing?
You mean stand up?
Hey, what do you mean?
I want to buy a coffee.
You want?
No, thank you.
He's really stupid.
[MUSIC]
- E.
- F.
F. As the snake.
- Come try. F.
- F
Fss...
- G.
- H.
- H ..
- F.
As you will sneeze. Open your mouth.
Hacho...
Why are you so stupid? H. Shuu...
Go cats, shu shu .....
- Shu Shu......
- Not like that.
Shu Shu...... Let's try.
Hacho.
- One.
- This is my first day. What did you expect?
- X.
- Eggs.
- Y.
- Z.
- What is it?
X, Y, Z!
- Hey, man.
- Yes..
- X, Y, then?
- Zet.
Well, hear?
What is this?
This plastic cups.
And, what's this?
- It was a straw.
- This is a straw.
Did you even go to school?
What is it?
There.
- That woman.
- Wrong.
Ah, shoelaces.
Wrong again.
- So, what is it?
- That's mango.
Mango? Where mango?
Oh, mango hung there.
Do you need a ride?
Not. I never drive a motorcycle.
I'm afraid with the motor.
By the way, thank you.
Why do not you just remove your clothes?
Sordid.
Do not ever think about it.
- That for me?
- Mmm.
Why do not you try it?
Maybe it will make you more beautiful.
I hope you succeed.
Not wait to see your face when you know the truth.
That you're just a sex toy.
Careful. The parking place is haunted.
One Minute Speech.
- May I take it?
- Yes.
Mole.
You're going to talk about moles.
- May I talking about you?
- Yes sure.
Okay.
You started.
Uh, moles.
Moles is destiny in action
Moles are small miracle of destiny.
Because, no one can predict where and when
moles will appear.
Or even eventually end up in their bodies.
Moles appear to be random.
But... But if the mole is completely random,
then how two people, wholly foreign roang.
Have a mole in the same spot.
Maybe it was destiny.
You see, moles
and destiny is no different.
If you wait to meet people who
have a mole in the same place ..
It is almost impossible.
That is why...
We need to write our own destiny.
Oh, what's wrong here?
Hey, how long you will see the board?
Kaya.
What? That means
conversation classes for business.
- I'm glad for it.
- What's that?
- I fell in love.
- That's sweet.
Kua fall in love with your pupils?
Do not tell anyone,
or I'll kill you.
Hey, bye, sweet DeeDee.
Strange.
What do you like to eat?
I want to eat Mama.
- What is Mama?
- Oh, Mama is the food of Thailand.
Nobody will know Mama
if not from Thailand.
So what do you want me to say?
What time do you go to bed?
- Uh... well...
- Come on, it's an easy question.
What time do you go to bed? Tonight,
midnight, you can say something.
Midnight is when the killer stab.
You're very funny.
What do you like to do in your free time?
Uh, I like to play cards.
Use English.
I like to play cards.
I love listening to music,
and what about you?
What should I say?
Tell me about yourself.
- Wow.
- Let me see.
- Hey, hey, hey.
Wow, it's very pretty.
- Wow, it's beautiful.
- A Beautiful.
What is it?
- Do you want to go?
- Wow, very sexy.
- Oh.
- Come Here.
- Why did you hit him?
- She took your picture.
- No, I do not. No, I do not.
- Yes, you took it.
- Let's see what you're lying or not.
- Oi, what are you doing? Oi!
- Tell the truth.
- I did not do anything.
- You did not do anything?
- You did not do anything.
- Are you sure?
- Yes, I'm sure.
Give him your cell phone.
- Do what I say.
- Oi!
- Fast.
Release me.
Locked.
- Patword. Patword.
- Oh...
Oi! 6644.
You said what?
You do not do anything?
- I'll never do it again. Promise.
- You promise?
Did you delete them?
Anything else?
Get out of here!
- Apologize to her.
- I am sorry. Forgive me.
Okay, if I saw you again.
I will cut off your penis.
- Hey!
- What the hell? What are you doing?
Oi! Let me go!
You're saying it wrong, it should be
password instead of Patword.
Hey.
What the fuck?
Bastard!
Disgusting!
Give me a tissue.
- I do not have.
- Use it.
- This is called a handkerchief. Not tissue.
- Hey.
It's disgusting.
I still smell something.
Damn!
Oh, shit!
- There's nothing left?
- It was clean.
Why are you still here?
Wassup man?
How are you?
What is it?
Uh, happy dolphins.
Ah, Happy what?
You read it, a
happy dolphin.
Here, put it.
Let's look at the other books.
Cinderella. Sleeping Beauty.
I already know it.
I prefer dolphins.
Excuse me. Do you speak English?
Can you?
Oh, perfect. Hey... Good.
I'm looking for this restaurant, you know that?
You've been there before?
I heard it was very good.
- Talk to him.
- You were talking to him.
What is remote, it does not matter.
I can take a taxi. Not a problem at all.
What should I tell him?
Oh, let alone to
ask other people.
[USED THAILAND]
Ask it to someone else.
Kai? I don't understand, what Kai?
Tell him to use gestures.
[USED THAILAND]
Ask the other person only.
[USING ENGLISH]
Far? How far? How far? How far do you think?
Hey, how is it going?
She is his friend.
I think the place was still far away.
It's a tough place on
found, I no map here ..
- Put a mark on this map.
- He had a map.
Please give his mark on this map.
- Yes, yes, yes.
- Tick on this map.
I do not know.
- Yes? Do you know?
- You can only mark the area, no problem.
- Do you know where it is, is not it?
- I do not know what you say.
Yeah, this, this one?
- I do not know.
- Hi there ..
Should I go home.
- Hey, wait.
- What's matter?
Hey,
You've got a lot to learn English,
so that such incidents do not happen again.
- What are you doing?
- Hmm?
What are you doing?
I want to bring the rest home.
You've finished eating?
I'll take it.
Why do not you buy it?
I do not want to leave food.
- Do you really want to eat it?
- I'll eat it.
I'll eat it, then I'm going to sleep.
So what if you're still hungry?
I will stay asleep.
- If you are hungry, do you sleep?
- If you can not sleep ..
I would force myself to stay asleep.
Do not feel now it was late.
True. Time does not seem
if we have activities.
We've arrived, stop .. Stopped here.
- We've arrived. Hmm.
- This is where you live?
(Are you asleep?)
What you do not want to go down?
Who is it?
- It's not your affair.
- Oh ..
You do not need to feel shame on me.
If he's your lover just tell me.
It's my boyfriend.
- Is he really your lover?
- Yes it is.
Hmmm...
You should not have to lie
if it's just your friend.
Yes, he is really my lover.
Anyway it has nothing to do with you.
Are you the first
seduce him, so that he likes you?
See you again.
(I really miss you)
He did not reply.
(Are you asleep?)
Still no reply.
(I'll call you right now)
Oh ..
(Read)
No.
Oh ..
- Hello? - I'm really sleepy,
we continue tomorrow ..
- But you really miss me, right?
- Yes.
- And are you still awake, right?
That's okay, I know you missed me.
(Goodnight)
Oh, he's very handsome.
I'm in love with you.
Are you awake?
What is it actually?
I do not want to interfere.
There is a parcel for you.
Open now.
I will bring your dirty bowl into the kitchen.
Let him alone that brought it!
Do not ever help.
Let him take care of his own affairs.
I did not ask for his help.
Leave him alone.
(From USA)
If there is a woman who returns
ring, it means she refused.
Why are you send packet ring?
Tell us, are you really into this woman?
That's for sure.
He has been rejected by a woman.
Hey, it did not concern you.
Why are you mad at me?
Mind your own business.
- No problem.
- Do not concerned about me.
Okay!
Get out from under my shirt ..
Ohh ..
Exit. Come on, get out. Come on ..
.. Come .. Come
- Lizard get in my trap.
- Lizard was not dead.
Stop! Don't kill the lizard.
This time he will not escape.
This time surely die.
It is very disgusting at all.
Lizard that have entered my trap.
This ring ..
- Wear.
- What?
Come on.
This ring.. It is an expression of my love to you.
I want you to wear it forever.
Do you propose me?
Is it a joke?
No, not like that, it
is an expression of my love to you.
But.. I..
I love you.
I can not take back this ring.
- Do you want to return it?
- Yes It.
- Are you sure?
- Hmm.
- Return it.
- Okay.
Ohh ..
I go home first.
How are you dealing with it?
You know there are a lot of ways,
facebook, twitter and much more.
Why did you not seem straightforward to me?
See you again.
Why did not you answer my question?
How are you dealing with it?
- Open the door.
- No, I don't want to open it.
Sexy body.
Convey this to him.
How can I right equaled it,
do not make my position cornered.
(I have become an asshole
to all my female friends, but I
want to be good for you)
(I have become an asshole
to all my female friends, but I
want to be a good person for you)
- Hello, my friend pleng.
- Hi, Kaya.
Today I run yo Jim, and he has a message
for you.
You want to hear it?
(I have become an asshole
to all my female friends, but I
want to be good for you)
I return your ring. Although you want to
break up with me, I do not want to break up with you.
What? Will he come here?
Do not tell me, she will follow
interview was to be able to come here.
Yes.
And you're going to teach him English, right?
No, you shouldn't have done that.
He ..
But he had studied very hard, you know.
Oh.. how cute.
Is gold feathers or blonde?
Oh, little dog, come here ..
Hi. I'm Owen.
- Hi .. I'm pleng.
- Bye.
I .. I'm sorry.
I hire you to break up with him, but
you make it come to meet with me.
How could you?
# I'm in love with you with all my heart
# I will not deliver you from my embrace
# Do not leave me ..
- You have to tell her, don't you?
- Yes.
Did you tell her?
Yeah, I've told her.
Did you bring paper and pen?
- You're going to teach me, right?
- Hmm.
Pattern starting from the present tense language,
and sentence patterns shape the future ..
pattern present tense language, structure
is subject plus verb form 1 ..
Wait, wait.. Don't be too quick.
You have to master the language
pattern shape in order to talk to her.
- Oh, are you really going to teach me?
- Of course, I will teach you.
But ..
Are you sure you would go there?
Of course I'll go there.
Hmm.
I return your money.
I am sorry.
Hey, hey, hey .. No, do not!
(Cinderella)
Once upon a time,
There lived an unhappy young girl named Cinderella.
I was ready.
I want you to come now.
Where is it?
Eh.. At my hotel, the Hyatt.
- I'll be up to 30 minutes longer.
- Okay.
- You've been there?
- Yes.
I miss you.
Me too.
One day worrying about
palace prince who wants to have his queen.
Cinderella down from the carriage and realized that he was standing
among beautiful lady in the palace.
Truly a rich man.
When the show started,
Prince was immediately see Cinderella.
He approached her and asked her to dance.
Wear my handkerchief.
Why?
Cinderella dancing with the prince, song after song.
You look very pretty.
They both look happy for each other.
This is my collection of cars.
This is my family heritage.
You wait a minute here.
I came.
And right in the middle of the night,
Before the spell is lost,
Cinderella sadly say goodbye to the prince.
It was late, I had to go home.
In a hurry, he
leaving one of his shoes.
The Prince really fall in love with her, he invited all the women
to palace to match the shoe size to meet Cinderella.
It belongs to whom?
Wait a minute.
Not in a long time, the prince was finally united with Cinderela
again.
- You left your phone.
- Thank you.
You are so very kind-hearted man.
I wanted to meet again with you,
I hope we can soon see again.
(For you)
(You have received a gift)
(Teaching English pleng)
(Do you want to spend the rest of your life
with me?)
(Yes)
And they lived happily ever after.
The end.
(I can not wait to meet you again)
Caution
How to pronounce.
Cau .. cuation. Caution, coation.
What is it?
What about him? He looked uneasy.
Hey, do not make him upset.
His mood was not that nice.
I understand.
What should we do?
Listen, we have to comfort him
so he is happy.
But, how do we make it so he entertained?
There is an idea
Jim, you look tired ..
I brought a glass of water for you.
Please.
I'm sorry, I do not know Japanese language,
which I know is the word O
What is it with him today?
He's really angry, we
should not upset him.
Let me pull out this pen.
Calling for Jim, there is someone
waiting for you in the lobby.
Recite this sentence for me.
Read for me.
Stop that.
I want to apologize.
- For what?
- Because it has made you upset.
I just want to help you.
If you want to help me, you have to teach me
English.
Okay.
I will start to teach you English.
I will try, so you
can go there to see her.
Really?
Of course.
You certainly can.
Let's do it.
Doing what?
Learning English.
- Hey, have you no idea anymore?
- I'm afraid we'll fail again.
I do not want to be a target of anger.
Everyone, she is pleng.
Stand up
Good evening, teacher.
How are you?
I'm fine, thank you.
And you?
I'm good. And I
glad to meet you guys.
Let me translate, I
glad to meet you.
Are these all from your department?
Good.
Okay, let's start the interview.
Hmm, you have progress.
We have to think about about
what questions will be submitted.
That is why we gather
to discuss.
Begin!
I know you want this interview
pass in order to meet with her, right?
That is not your concern.
Hey, do not play play again.
Approximately what is going on in the interview later
ask him.
He will be asked about something
that detail, detail, detail ..
Hey, stop it, it will not be asked.
I think it is what he meant by
detail, detail, detail is a job.
- Okay, are there any others?
- I do not know, I started going to think about it.
- What else?
- I think he will be asked,
What English skills.
True, but I want you
first snap of your moustache.
I could flick the feathers below.
You will also be in question
ability to work there.
No problem, I've mastered all of it.
Good,
I'm sure you will definitely pass the interview.
Hey, why are you so
happy, it does not concern you.
Waw,
He swiftly to dance.
Hey, why don't you dance with them?
I can not dance like that.
Look, she will begin to teach us.
True. We will start from the letters A to Z.
Say it correctly.
I guess, we'll
do in the game.
Hey, it's true, he said a good idea.
I'll take it.
We will start the game words.
If you can not get a blow.
Start.
- X
- A
- T
- M
You think I can not?
Y
- P.
- was not included.
D!
Come on, come on, you can do it.
A.
- Come on...
- Q!
- K.
- What is it? K?
What? Whether it is okay?
I know! As my mouth,
as my mouth...
That's not true, it's cheating.
- What did you say?
- You're destroying it.
You lose...
No, no, no...
X!
- You're wrong!
- What Are?
- I win.
- Ladies and gentlemen...
here this evening!
- Ouch, that hurts...
- What is pain?
Why did you stab him so deeply?
Are you ready?
1, 2, 3...
Carefully...
Why did not explode?
It begins!
- Do not point here!
- What?
Navigate there, it's dangerous!
It was so great.
Ouch.
- Shit.
- Ass on fire.
Burned my poor buttocks.
- Do you have a big butt once.
- It flies like a rocket.
That's so awesome!
Oh...
... Oh
What? Why are you squatting there?
- I can not stand.
- It's nice, is not it?
Hey, why did you write it like this?
Note your eyes, do not look at me.
What are you doing?
- I wrote it here.
- You write there?
- Why do not you write it in a book?
- It's easier to carry with me.
I like something simple.
Well, I guess there is no longer
who can teach you.
There are many more things to learn.
I want to learn the most difficult grammar.
There are so many words
can not say or understand.
Hey!
- What are you doing?
- I'm here.
- Basic insolent woman!
- Hey, I'm here.
Here, here...
... Here
- Where are you?
- I'm here.
The streets are so crowded in the evenings.
Yes.
Come on...
- What are we going home?
- I think so.
- Do you know the way home?
- I think so, I'm trying to remember.
Stop right there.
- Let's go.
- How do you take it where I am?
We will cross the road.
Hey, wait for me!
Oh, shit!
Why are you laughing?
Look for yourself.
Damn, my eyes like a cat's.
Do not tease me.
nozzle.
At idle speeds, what size of nozzle should we use?
Dictionary of Engineering.
Is nozzle size depends on the speed?
It's easier to carry with me.
I like something simple.
It will make everything so much easier to use.
I want to learn the most difficult languages.
What makes it work,
in the best way.
Been a long time since I
sail with the ship.
Do you like it?
I need to calm my mind...
- I understand. - I always come here
to calm my mind.
This is one of my favourite places.
- Since when did you learn to sail?
- I learned from my father.
Do you want to learn?
Do you need help?
Let me help you...
Damn! It's very painful.
I am very happy to be here with you.
You make me ashamed.
There is something to say.
- This is something that is very important.
- Important?
True Love Story.
# I've never felt like this in my life...
# Every time I see your face...
# My heart is beating so fast...
# pounding so fast...
# My heart is crying for you...
I love you so much.
I know it.
But what you do not want to live
slowly?
Do not waste your time.
But we just know each other
not so long.
I do not care.
Is that so?
So, what do you say you want to stop just
?
Note what I said!
- Oh, notice, I understand.
- Yes I Do.
It's like when I took the oath.
- Pledge? Can you pronounce it?
- I said it.
- I deliberately say it.
- Intentionally?
- But you say, is not it?
- I said it correctly.
- Okay, dear.
- I'm very excited.
Ah, come here a minute.
This is for you.
I thought you would give me. For Me!
I am very disappointed!
Let me try it one by one, okay?
Good, the next...
Try this one.
Let me help you.
It fits all.
Let's see.
I think quite hard to find size.
I will find it, even
make it for yourself.
It was only a small obstacle.
Yes.
Why do you insist that I wear shoes?
- Of course, what was uncomfortable on your feet?
- Yes I Do.
- What can I ask you something?
- What Are?
Ah, I think I might not be able to go to the party
with you.
- Why?
- Because I really can not dance and...
I was afraid to spoil the party there.
We need to write our own destiny.
You will come, right?
I will come.
- Are your legs numb? Let me see it.
- Yeah.
I would massage her slowly. Do you feel better?
What is your job position?
I ah, a maintenance engineer.
Hey, why did you hit me?
Am I wrong?
How do you feel working with a stranger?
- What's wrong with you today?
- Be Quiet!
Come on!
Wait a minute.
- Are you satisfied?
- Not Yet.
- What happened?
- It's none of your business.
Basic strange woman.
What are you doing here?
I stopped for coffee.
What the heck?!
- Did you know?
- Do not let him see me.
- Does he...
- Shut up.
What are you hiding?
As a maintenance engineer,
I believe everything can be fixed...
and make it work again.
No matter how hard it is to
fix it, I will always find a way.
- What?
- Say that last sentence.
You'll be regret if you did not choose me.
It is the last sentence convincing.
I think I'm being arrogant with
say it in front of people.
No, it's normal. Everyone say
when they promote themselves.
Well, let's move on.
When the pressure in the cylinder is abnormally high,
how you fix it?
It's, ah... ah...
Ah, me working under pressure
is quite challenging.
You have to fix it.
Next lesson...
How to introduce your skills.
- Is not that the same?
You have to say the pressure with grammar,
so it is understandable.
Look at the people who were there.
- Is he gone?
- I think he will come in.
- Why are you so afraid to meet him?
- He was always bugging me for a date.
So why do not you just turn it down?
Hi.
Look what I brought you.
I specifically brought this balloon for you.
- This represents the true love for you.
- Thank you very much.
See, I also bring a lot
food. Let's go inside.
Wait, wait... Wait a minute, why are
you so hurry?
I'm hungry, it's time for dinner.
- Ah...
- Let's eat together.
I'm not hungry...
Why are you so long?
Who is he?
I'm her co-workers.
What are you doing?
Come on, let's go inside.
Did I disturb you two?
We are in an important conversation.
- He...
- What are you talking about?
You can tell me later.
Okay, let's go back.
What did you say to him?
What if he commit suicide?
- He would not dare.
- I hope not.
I still want to know, what did you tell him?
No, I just tell him you're pregnant.
What? You told him I was pregnant?
Why do you say that ?!
Are you crazy?
My reputation will be ruined.
Bye.
- Tui, Tui, how can I go back?
- Just ride the elevator to the ground floor.
Bye.
- Hello, what's up?
- Where are you?
I'm in the coffee shop.
- Why are you still dressed like that?
- I'll change clothes later.
What time is it?
Do not you know the party is about to begin?
Do not worry.
- You're going to wear it?
- Yes I Do.
What is it?
This is the best shirt I have.
Hey, do not move.
Who taught you how to tie a tie? It's a mess.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I am so sorry, are you okay?
Ah, he's ok.
Don'y worry about it.
I'm so sorry.
Why did not you answer it?
You can not even answer simple
a sentence.
- I'm just surprised.
- You keep making excuses.
If you want to master a language,
you should use it.
If necessary, you must
use it every day.
Try to speak only in English
for 3 hours in a day.
Oh, why do not you just stab me with a knife?
It's worth a try.
Come on, you can do it.
How are you...
How are you... How are you...
Hey!
Why...
Who are you... Who am I?
- Is this guy ok?
- You think he suffered from Alzheimers?
Are you okay?
You okay?
- I am a maintenance engineer.
- Oh, maintenance engineer.
- That's good for you.
- Congratulations.
Yes, congratulations.
I wish you the best.
- Good luck.
- Ah, because...
- Sorry.
- Oh, because sorry ?.
- Bye-bye.
- Okay, bye-bye.
- Good luck.
Really proud.
He thinks I can not speak thai.
Do not you know I
born and raised here?
Idiot.
- Did you come alone?
- Father.
Ah, father, mother?
My parents were standing right over there.
- Standing...?
- My mother is a lady in a blue dress.
Mother, blue dress...
Which one?
Waw!
Why are you yelling?
Are you afraid?
Great.
Who taught you that?
Not.
Hey, look at that guy there.
Damn, what he's doing now?
Tonight, I want to
announce to you all...
- Commencement of this party by Miss pleng.
- Thank you.
Thank you all for your presence here tonight,
please enjoy the night.
- Thank you very much.
- You are welcome.
Hey, are you bored?
I just don't like crowds.
- What happened to your shoes?
- It's broken again.
Please cling to me.
Thank you.
We are all in Thailand is
interested in your culture,
- we love and want to know more about it
elegant hand movement. - Okay.
- How could you do that?
- Like this...
I can not.
Oh, sorry.
My shoes is broken.
Please give a warm welcome to our guests.
It looks like you're enjoying the party as well.
I enjoyed it.
- Good evening.
- I will try to translate the song.
- Really?
- I'm serious.
Tonight...
There's only two of us.
Forget the world...
Open your eyes...
Do not worry, you're getting great.
You?
- A beautiful dress?
- Exactly.
- What did he sing, see?
- You only need to train your hearing.
- He wanted to take her home.
- Do not tease me!
He wants to know how you feel.
- For real.
- Try It.
I promise, I will forever be yours
- You know it all.
- Darling open up to me
Let me walk you home.
I do not know it all happened.
Before it's morning, before the sunrise.
Go?
Before I go back to reality.
And you...
Before I go back to reality and you...
Back in your life.
Tell me you feel the same way too
shoes.
Please tell me how you feel.
Because deep inside, I know it's real.
I promise, I will forever be yours
Goodbye, thank you.
Darling open up to me, let me walk you home
Even if youll never be mine
Im in love with you, tonight
Why are you sad at all, what is it?
That's none of your business.
What should I say?
- June.
- It's very difficult. Why do not you listen again.
Speaking on this tool
like you're crazy.
You are crazy! It is a tool for learning.
Basic witless brain useless.
You're rude.
Hello?
Well, I understand.
Yes, I'm going to do.
I want you to help me make me a CV.
- Is it almost over?
- Yes.
Current Position: Technician engineer.
Physical Information: 1200, short sighted.
Hey...
What?
Sitting in front.
Do not make any sound. Okay?
Hello, to a friend. How are you?
Fine, and you?
I'm doing great. Today is the day
of the interview. What is he going to go?
- I guess so.
- That's good.
Because I need help from you.
I know you can not answer.
It will help pass the interview.
So he could come see me.
- What ?
- Say that again? - Tell him to
remember the name of the company founder.
What is the intention of change decision?
You've been refusing to speak
to this person all the time.
I just changed my mind.
Why are you talking funny?
Oh, now, I'm in the middle
translate some large documents.
All vocabs definitely mixed.
- I see.
- So about mr. golden retriever?
He will away for 3 months.
We have an open relationship.
So I can see anybody I like.
So, when he returned,
what will happen to Jim?
Why do you sound concern?
I'm just curious.
- What?
- Oh, My God.
You love Jim.
Oh My God. Oh My God.
You guys had sex.
Hell no!
Stop it!
To friends, be careful, you're going to get hurt.
Be ready to be broken heart.
What is real?
Oh, I guess yes.
Forget it.
I understand the words ahe utters,
you love Jim.
What if it is true?
You're not supposed to love people like me.
True.
Maybe it was just feeling a little while.
I do not want to spoil your mission.
I would love to work again.
I will always be fit for it.
1 minute speech.
Let's see who's turn.
Fairy Tale
Once upon a time, a little girl
dream to become a princess ..
And meeting a charming prince who will love her
.
In the real world, a princess
may not want a prince charming.
But dust and ordinary shoemaker.
And it is not a prince charming fault.
He knows what's funny.
In the end to anyone who knows the shoemakers
may not want a princess either.
Therefore, that is not necessary for the story
to ended with happilyever after.
It was a good story.
- It is sad.
- It's just a story. So mediocre.
Is it like a real story?
Oh ..
might be similar.
But I guess it's just a story.
What about your own heart to speak?
Are you willing?
I certainly can.
I will always be here for you.
- Thank you.
- For you, I will always be there.
I'm really flattered once.
You should not be sad.
Yes.
DAY INTERVIEW
Founder name..
The name of your company founder is Nodak Thoichi
Nodak Thoichi.
Mr. Willay, have a seat.
Why do you want to work in the US?
Why US?
I'm want to learn new experiences and comeback,
apply here in Thailand.
Do you think you have any problem
work in a foreign country?
No problem. I'm a professional.
This is the nature of the work that normally
we high pressure situations.
- Do you think you can handle this?
- Huh, what is it?
I've done a lot of work in high-pressure job.
For me to working under pressure
quite challenging.
Are you trying to compare yourself to the machine?
What about you?
How about you?
- What would do i think?
- Yeah.
I think you're trying to illustrate how you feel about it.
Ah, working on high pressure machine is
dangerous, but you're up to the challenge, right?
- I think so.
Why should we choose you,
what are your strong point?
As a maintenance engineer, I believe everything
can be fixed and to work again.
No matter how hard it is to fix.
I will always find a way.
You'll regret if you don't choose me.
- You'll be sorry if you do not choose me.
- Well, thank you for participating.
Thank you.
- I have one last question.
- Yeah.
What is the name of our company founder?
Eh?
- Take.
- Huh?
Oh, hello. It's yours.
Hey, I get job in the US.
It's all because of you.
What is the name of our company founder?
Doraemon.
I think I missed the point.
But I do not regret it.
For what I'm going to leave
something important.
Over all that is always with me.
I know I'm stupid.
So I guess I don't deserve it.
I have feelings for you.
Although it's difficult.
Why are you going to cry?
It would be very embarrassing.
- It's crowded.
- Do they dare speak to me?
Yes.
This is the first time we met.
In a place where you taught me well.
I always thought of this.
Do you want to be my girlfriend?
Don't cry.
The earphone, give it to me.
As a maintenance engineer, I believe,
everything can be fixed and work again.
No matter how hard it is to fix.
I'll always find a way.
You'll regret if you did not choose me. Oh.
I want to be with you.
I think so.
I will.
Come here. Come here.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the classroom.
Let's sing along together.
ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
Well!
What about you?
I think so.
- Are you ready?
- Yes I Do.
What is it?
Much less?
Yes. Oye.
Wow.
Why Does?
Okay.
Are you ready?
THE END.
- True, Ohao, can you do Ohao?
- Okay, do not worry.
- Ah, we play it?
- I like to play Ohao.
- We play talk, right?
- Yes sure.
Oah-aho-AOO ..
- Is that good?
- It is very good.
Okay, that's good.
- Okay, let's start the interview.
- Okay. Let's start the interview,
SouthFreak.com